Mr. Jiang
How dare you be my girlfriend
Who are you? What are you talking about?
Play dumb, right?
Something happened in President Jiang's office, you are rich and powerful
Why are you bullying us poor people?
Why did you rape my girlfriend?
I was never strong
Force a woman to do something she doesn't like
Are you mistaken?
Xiaoya, please save my boyfriend
How can I save him?
Please help me intercede with Mr. Jiang
Let him put my boyfriend away
I know you have a good relationship.
What do you mean?
Sorry Xiaoya
I lied to you before.
Mr. Jiang didn't rape me
Can you say that again?
Mr. Jiang danced with me that day just to piss you off
Nothing happened after that.
I lied to everyone.
Why did you lie to me?
I'm jealous of you coming to the company and making the finale appearance
I'm jealous that you have Mr. Jiang as a backer
So many opportunities
Xiaoya, please let Mr. Jiang let us go
I will never dare to talk nonsense again
I consider you my best friend
Why are you doing this to me?
I just want to live well with the people I love
Why did you force me to be like this?
It's over. It's over
My Happiness
It's all destroyed by you
I will never forgive you for the rest of my life